payments docs added (#377)
corda/corda-docs: content/en/docs/corda-os/4.7/release-notes.md

### Featured apps

> #### Corda Payments Alpha

Reviewer: Two things:
1. This section should be appended as a top-level section (same level as `## Corda 4.7`) on top of the page. This release is NOT part of the Corda 4.7 release, so needs to be separate from it. I think this is what we agreed before. 
2. Please add the same section to the CE 4.7 release notes - append on top of page.
3. 
For both entries you could use a combined `## Featured Apps - Corda Payments Alpha` or something similar to indicate that this is an app outside of the platform release.

> [Corda Payments Alpha](../../apps/payments/payments-index.md) is a first glimpse at a new app that allows you to create your own payment solution in Corda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Corda Payments Alpha](../../apps/payments/payments-index.md) is a first glimpse at a new set of Apps that allows you to create your own payment solution in Corda.
```

In this early release version, you can:

- Experiment with making payments across a Corda network, and to parties outside of the network.

> - Trial a live payments solution using Modulr as the Payment Service Provider. 

Reviewer: Add a link to the official Modulr site
